---
title: Setting Up the Score Client
---

The Score command-line client is a tool designed to enable user interactions with Score endpoints.

## Installing the Score-Client

To run the score-client using a Docker image, you need to provide specific environment variables including the Score server `STORAGE_URL`, the Song server `METADATA_URL`, and a valid `ACCESSTOKEN`.

**Running the score-client docker image:**

Use the following templated command to run a Score Client docker container:

```bash
docker run -d -it --name score-client \
    -e ACCESSTOKEN=${token} \
    -e STORAGE_URL=${scoreServerUrl} \
    -e METADATA_URL=${songServerUrl} \
    --network="host" \
    --platform="linux/amd64" \
    --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/output \
    ghcr.io/overture-stack/score:latest
```

Replace all placeholders `${}` with the appropriate values for your environment.

<details>

  <summary><b>Click here for a detailed breakdown</b></summary>

<br></br>

  - `-d` runs the container in detached mode, meaning it runs in the background and does not receive input or display output in the terminal.


  - `-it` combines the `-i` (interactive) and `-t` (allocate a pseudo-TTY) options, allowing you to interact with the container via the terminal.


  - `-e ACCESSTOKEN=${token}` will be the access token supplied by the platform's authorization and authentication service. For Overture, this will be Ego or Keycloak. API keys can be generated by users by logging into the front-end stage UI and navigating to their profile page.


  - `-e STORAGE_URL=${scoreServerUrl}` is the URL for the Score server that the Score-Client will interact with.


  - `-e METADATA_URL=${songServerUrl}` is the URL for the Song server that the Score-Client will interact with.


  - `--network="host"` uses the host network stack inside the container, bypassing the usual network isolation. This means the container shares the network namespace with the host machine.


  - `--platform="linux/amd64"` specifies the platform the container should emulate. In this case, it's set to linux/amd64, indicating the container is intended to run on a Linux system with an AMD64 architecture.


  - `--mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)",target=/output` mounts a directory of choice and its contents (volume) from the host machine to the container. Any changes made to the files in this directory will be reflected in both locations.

---

</details>
<br></br>


<Note title="Learn More">For step-by-step instructions on installing and using the Song and Score clients, including downloading and uploading data, see our platform guides on [CLI submissions](/documentation/guides/submission/clientsubmission/) and [CLI downloads](/documentation/guides/download/clientdownload/).</Note>